# Tracker Version's 24H2

## What is version's?
#### What is [Pre-Release version]?
The Pre-release in Windows 11 is an early build of the operating system available to members of the **Windows Insider** pre-release evaluation program.
These builds may contain changes and bug fixes that may eventually appear in official Windows releases.

#### What is [Release version]?
Release version of Windows 11 is the number of a specific update that includes new features, applications, and changes.

#### What is [Preview version]?
The Windows 11 Preview Program **Windows Insider** allows you to be among the first to receive experimental updates.
Microsoft releases various versions of Windows 11 builds, including those that contain test updates. These builds are released as part of the Preliminary Evaluation Program.

# Build 26100.2152 [Preview version]

## New!
**__Start Menu__** 
- You can now directly access the contents of your mobile device from the Start Menu on your PC. With this feature, you can view the battery and connection status of your device, access voice messages, calls, and photos, and continue the last actions that have been performed on your device. This feature is only available for Android users who are already connected using Connect with Windows. Support for iOS will be added later. To control this feature, go to Settings > Personalization > Start.

**__Notifications__** 
- You can now disable suggestions to disable notifications from certain apps. Select the triplet (...) in the notification and disable it. You can also go to Settings > System > Notifications and disable this in that section. Look for the “Notification Suggestions” item in the list of senders. The entry will only appear in the list when you receive a notification.

**__Windows Sandbox Client__**
- This update adds the Windows Sandbox Preview client. This preview version includes real-time forwarding of clipboard contents, audio and video input control, and the ability to share folders with the host at runtime. To access these features, select the triplet (...) in the upper right corner of the application. This version also includes a command line (commands are subject to change). To learn more, use the exe -help command. Updates for this application can be found in the Microsoft Store.

**__Virtual Hard Disks (VHD/VHDx)__**
- This update adds a button to disable virtual hard disks in settings. To manage VHD or VHDx, go to Settings > System > Memory > Advanced Storage Settings > Disks & Volumes.

**__Wi-Fi Password Dialog__**
- The Wi-Fi password dialog is now a Windows 11 design. Go to Settings > Network & Internet.

**__Copilot key__** 
- You can now customize the Copilot key on your keyboard. On newer devices, this key opens the Copilot application. If you are logged in with a Microsoft Entra ID account, the key will open the M365 app. You can also customize the key to open another app or search. To do this, go to Settings > Personalization > Text input. To customize to open another app, it must be signed using the MSIX package to meet security and privacy standards. If your keyboard does not have a Copilot key, changing these settings will have no effect.

## Fixless
**__User Interface (UI)__** 
- Fixed: It was not possible to view some UI elements when running certain applications.

**__HTML Applications (HTA)__** 
- Fixed: HTA components are now supported in ARM64 Windows PE.

**__Real-time kernel dump files__**
- Corrected: win32kbase.sys was creating real-time kernel dump files when not required.

**__Winlogon__** 
- Fixed: System halt error during shutdown.

**__Windows kernel vulnerable driver lock file (DriverSiPolicy.p7b)__** 
- Fixed: This update adds drivers to the Bring Your Own Vulnerable Driver (BYOVD) attack vulnerability list.

**__Web I/O__** 
- Fixed: It was not possible to log into an account via the web interface because the screen would stop responding.

**__Command sfc /scannow__**
- Fixed: An error occurred each time the command was run.
